fixed tutorial cases (#607)
flexcompute/Flow360: examples/migration_guide/README.md

# Migration Guide

> This folder contains useful tools for helping you adjust your V1 cases to be V2 compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains useful tools to help migrating your old cases to use the latest Flow360 V2 API. 
```
